[Autogenerated] managing authentication and authorization
for external applications with AWS cognito a rather long
title for an interesting topic.
How to grant access to external applications.
Landing on your Amazon account with AWS Cognito.
In this model,
we will describe three global Mantex use cases where
you need to deploy your AWS cognito.
Then we would provide a novel cognito description by focusing on the
two main features user poles and identity pools.
And since there is always some mess about,
these two features will go into details and we'll see in
which use case they feed The best.
Finally would provide indication on helping to rate AWS cognito
with external identity providers like Google,
Facebook and so on.
As usual, we will run them onto demonstrated different features.
Let's go as usual for the definition.
First, Amazon Cognito provides authentication,
authorization and user management for your Web and mobile APS.
This clearly states that the main use case where you need to deploy
Italy s cognito is when an external application needs to land on
some resorts is off your AWS account.
So this is rather different from the use case where an external user
needs to be granted the credentials to access some results is and
which goes under a different chapters, which is a single,
say known and Fredricka identity, which are beyond the scope of this course.
Your users can sign directly with the user Riemann password
or through 1/3 party such as Facebook, Amazon,
Google or April.
And this is more straightforward.
External user Seinen bindings off their replication,
and the credential can be very fight against the local databases or
verified against an external identity provider.
And is there more?
We will see how to set up a proper configuration for Google.
Now let them provide more details on the two main functionalities
off AWS cognito user pools and identity pools.
Cognito User Pool X as a user directory,
allowing basic operation like second in and Second up.
It provides a built in Web user interface,
which can be exposed to users to facilitate the stagnant operations.
It provides integration with social identity providers like Google or Facebook,
it allows the management of users, for example,
provides the capability to build group of users it's supported,
announced its security features such hassled policy,
password rotation and the multi factor authentication
procedures at the end of the day user pool is where users are
managed to end out indicated identity.
Pool is a different story.
It enables unique identities for your users and landing aid unless account
and grants temporary privileges to access AWS results is,
according to a manager policy, at the end of the day,
we now understand that identity pool is where
external users are authorized to access.
AWS results is, let's now move toe our first cochinita use case.
We have some user which needs to access global Manti.
Some premise results by means of a Web or mobile application,
but for some reason you need to manage those user on your AWS account.
As an 80 administrator,
you have to set up an AWS cognito user pull instance
for the management off those users.
The authentication can be done locally or can be done by
means off external identity provider.
When authentication is performing that we'd success talking is
generated and sent back to user application.
This token is later exchanged to grant access towards the target Global Man.
Take some premise.
Resorts is in the second use cases.
We have similar story,
except that the target resorts is consist in a serverless deployment on AWS.
Global Man takes account.
We have some users which needs to access.
Global Man takes account means of Web or mobile application.
You as an 80 administrator,
you have to sit up in needed lius cochinita user pool.
Instance.
For the management off those users,
the authentication can be done locally or can be done
by an external identity provider.
When authentication is performed with success,
a token is generated and sent back to use a replication.
The token is later used, the Sagna recast to a P I gateway,
which exposed global Mantex production services.
The difference is that here, thanks to love the framework,
we can manipulate the authentication workflow to
create additional authentication,
challenges user immigration and customize verification messages.
The third use case is the most common and has a more complex workflow.
We have some users which needs to access global Mantex AWS
results is by means of web or mobile applications.
As an 80 administrator, you have to sit up in aws cognito user poorly.
Instance.
For the management off those users,
the authentication can be done locally or can be
done by external identity provider.
When authentication is performed with success.
A talking is generated back to the user.
The talking is used against the AWS Cognito
identity pool and exchanged with AWS.
A temporary credentials user cannot indicate using temporary credentials
against AWS Global mentis account and would be provided access,
according a policy which the IT administrator has
created during identical configuration.
As you can see the attrition,
Alice hasn't come on the fact that the work flows needs to be
automated by putting in place a proper frame.
Or that's where aws cognito software development kit get into action.
As we already said,
the authentication and authorization work flows needs
some automation to be put in place.
Just ignored that while the server side,
which is AWS cognito, user pools and identity pools,
is already there,
you have to work on the client apart by integrating proper
work flow into your Web application.
We have plenty of sdk for different mobile apps and different operating systems.
We have heightened JavaScript, unity and many others.
The downside here is that unfortunately,
the documentation lacks in some part with the final result that having a full cognitive deployment can really be a pain